# PianoVisionGenerateJsonWfingers
 Simple script for PianoVision to automatically add finger position to Json from an XML with finger info.

 Use tutorial.

For this to work you will need a MusicXML file with finger position information of your song.
My recommendation is to:
1. Download a MIDI file (the project only works with MIDI files that have left and right-hand notes separated but it can be easily modified for MIDI with no note separation).
2. Send that MIDI file to Piano Vision (on the Quest).
3. Connect the Quest to a PC and download the JSON generated by Piano Vision.
4. After you have your JSON and your MIDI file, you will need an XML with finger position for the specific song. My recommendation is to use the absolutely amazing tool by marcomusy pianoplayer (this script is based on his program) (https://github.com/marcomusy/pianoplayer) to get your MIDI file and generate finger position for that specific MIDI file, pianoplayer will generate an XML file (output.xml) with finger positioning.
5. After you have the XML with finger position and the JSON from piano vision, copy output.xml and the JSON file downloaded fromt the quest into the root directory of PianoVisionGenerateJsonWfingers.
6. The original JSON file will be copied to a backup directory and the original overwritten with a json file containing finger positioning.
7. Upload the newly generated JSON back to your Quest.

Some info about this script, its a very small script that the only thing it does is map the finger position from the XML you provide to the JSON file of pianovision, it needs to try and check all the notes so that they match up because for some reason piano vision and pianoplayer output sometimes notes in different order.

You are free to use this script and modify it as you see fit but I don't provide any warranty that it will work correctly.
